Better error message when trying to re-initialize CUDA in forked subprocess (#14709)
Lightning-AI/lightning: src/pytorch_lightning/CHANGELOG.md

- Added `WandbLogger.download_artifact` and `WandbLogger.use_artifact` for managing artifacts with Weights and Biases ([#14551](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/issues/14551))

> - Added a friendlier error message when attempting to fork processes with pre-initialized CUDA context ([#14709](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/issues/14709))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a more descriptive error message when attempting to fork processes with pre-initialized CUDA context ([#14709](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/issues/14709))
```
